Journals Here

LIKELY THEME OPTION: PROBABLY USE A THEME OF COLORS AND CERTAIN TOWERS CAN ONLY BE PLACED IN SPECIFIC COLORS??
COLOR IDEAS: BLACK PATH, NEON COLORS FOR THE SPECIFIC TILES YELLOW BLUE GREEN

5/4/17: Today, I plan to learn how to set up a window in JavaFX, from Scenes to Stages. Today, I learned how to use the GridPane and Group layouts to create scenes. Tomorrow, I will try to explore more types of layouts to find one that I may use for my game.
5/5/17: Today, I plan on researching how to use CSS to apply it to my scenes in JavaFX. Today, I learned that it is possible to create custom layouts, so I might make one to use for my project. Apparently, CSS is another file you must add to your project, so I am also planning out the packages I need to organize my project.
5/8/17: Today, I plan on researching what kind of UI elements can be added to the screen in order to set up the game. However, with the limited amount of elements, I may have to customize my own that will fit the task. Also, I am thinking of what UI elements I would like to include in my title screen which will be used to lead the player to the game. Next time, I will try to design the layout of the game.
5/11/17: Today, I plan on building the layout of my game using JavaFX Scene Builder. I think I will have a main menu screen and then an additional options screen that should be selected before the game begins. In addition, there will be a screen for the actual game where there will be turret selection, active selection, and the buying menu where it will be possible to purchase turrets and "actives" as long as you have enough currency.
5/12/17: Today, I am workinng on the structure of my game. Unfortunately, I dont believe SceneBuilder will be applicable to the game because I will need to apply css and some other things that will only be complicated by the usage of SceneBuilder. Therefore, I will just code in all of the Scenes and layouts I will be using. I'm still thinking about how the layout of the game should look because I'm still not sure about the final design of the game.
5/15/17: Today, I plan to work on some of the more complex elements of the game like the map generation because I felt like i was neglecting that portion of the project. I think I may have devised an algorithm to generate the map, but I will likely change it if the map generation needs to be handled differently. If I do not finish by today, I will probably work on it tommorow too.
5/16/17: Today, I decided to just generate a simple map that will suit the basics of the game, so that I can work on the actual graphics of the game to make sure it actually works. Tomorrow, I might look for assets to implement in or make the map a different size to work with. 
5/17/17: Today, I decided to add some assets I found online to the map so that it looks better o_o. This might mean I'll set the map to just one default one and that will make it easier to finish this project in a month because I wont have to randomly generate a map which is probably harder to account for in terms of difficulty.
5/18/17: Today, I recreated the map to be a single map for the actual game so that I could test the code more effectively, but maybe I'll make some more maps so that there is more variety in the game. Randomly generated maps woulc require me to make an algorithm, but I'm not really sure if that is a direction that I would able to go in. 
5/19/17: :<<<
5/22/17: Today, I will try to make the enemies; I dont know if they should be a particular shape, but I'm strongly considering not using graphics from the internet. I'm currently working on the movement of the enemy, but I don't know how long it will take to finish as this is a fundamental part of the game.
5/23/17: Today, I am done with the barebones of the enemy. I have to either find or create towers so that the game is actually responsive. Something I will need to work on is the css for the game because it looks pretty boring right now. I'm planning on adding more stylistic elements to the game after it is complete and maybe I will add more maps.
5/24/17: Today, I will try to work on the towers. This might be the part of the game that takes the longest because the towers actually have to be on the tower menu and they must also interact with clicks. What I'm planning to do is make it so that they can can be clicked and if you have enough currency, you are able to place it down.
5/25/17: Today, I was still working on the towers. I think I'm going to have it so that when the towers are clicked and you have enough currency, it makes it so that the tiles that can be clicked will light up. In addition, they will be able to place that tower on that space by clicking on it.
5/26/17: Today, I was working on the initialization of the map because I was planning on making titles glow everytime a tower is clicked. However, it is not possible in javafx to change the image of a pane, so the panes are unusable for the purpose I had intended. I was thinking of ways such as using ImageViews, but maybe I'll use somethign else.
5/30/17: Today, I worked on the tower placement. Each of the towers should make their respective titles glow and when you click on those tiles, you can place down the turret. I have completely revised the way i was going to allow turret placement in terms of back end; the tower is going to be stored at first because the player is only allowed to choose one at a time. The tower will be reset everytime they are placed. 
5/31/17: Today, I worked on the special kinks of the tower like when you click on the tower you can unselect it so that you dont have to place it down. I think I also have to start working on the firing of the towers and other aspects of the UI. I've successful redone the code of the tower so that you can only place them when they are deemed to be appropriate.
6/1/17: Today, I want to work on the UI, aka the currency and others such as the turrets. Without a completed front end, it is more difficult to test code.
6/2/17: Today, I want to work some more on the UI because there is no indicators of anything at the moment. I want to have a lives counter that shows how many lives are left for the player and how much money each player has after that. Then, I am going to work on the descriptions for the towers to describe what they do.
6/5/17: Today, I want to work on the turrets that are supposed to attack the enemies. The issue is that using the PathTransition, it isnt possible to find out the exact x and y coordinates of an enemy after a certain period of time has elapsed. Therefore, my turrets will probably be restricted to either instant projectiles or aoe effect turrets. 